I'm sorry.
He told me to be quiet.
Mother!
What a minor singular 파재 drin 가고
Look out for next time when you leave
Children pray without making ministry
Genişteki-senpai♡
I'm the one who's going to protect you.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you.
This is what my mother taught me.
When I was young, I was a child.
I'm the one who's going to protect you.
If I had an army student Danaific, she would be rare,
but all the three of them will become famous.
I was looking forward to meeting her.
I had heard that she was going to be famous.
She was going to be the true rained tea.
The ones who made riceThese were who?
The ones who made rice These were who?
Ronson Hon dreamt about army soldiers today.
Thank you for watching!